chinK -- 2019-10-18 14:52
Created Devlog

wanA -- 2019-10-21 14:46
Added login.py from other homework. 


wanA, chinK, chenB -- 2019-10-21 20:34
SQLite Left Join
- We can use this function as a way to display the user's bog from the entries table. All the blog entries that are not made by a specific user would be NULL which wouldn't be displayed.
- This can apply to our team as we can use left join to find entries from each topic of the blogs.
SQLite Inner Join
- We can use this function to access data from the entries table using a user's ID. This function looks for a specific value of a heading and returns the specific data required by the coder. 
- This can apply to our team as we can use inner join to find blogs associated with topics made by users based on id or other characteristics. 
SQLite Cross Join
- We can use this function to merge two tables into one table which has M X N rows where M is the number of rows from one table and N is the number of rows from the other table.
- This can be used to 

Actions we will take toward being more awesome:
1. We will better communicate as a team and understand the task at hand so we can develop a better functional final product rather than a makeshift one.
2. We shouldn't turn to advice and help on the internet as no one really knows the error at hand as there is always error something. In addition, the internet is a dangerous, unreliable, and untrustworthy place to be in (4chan) and it is better to consult classmates and peers.
3. Breaks are necessary as coding all day will slowly drive you insane. Your brain isn't good at basic logic, much less complex logic. Therefore, rest for your brains are necessary in preventing you from going crazy. The brain functions better with rest as well.


chenB -- 2019-10-23 18:27
Started work on creating database. Created the foundation for the login table but will have to consult for further inquiries with team in regards to blog table.

wanA -- 2019-10-24 14:45
I made the homepage and fixed some spelling errors and techinical errors which made the buttons direct to other pages that don't have any correlation. I took out the databases because there was a locked error which Brandon later fixed. The project is starting to look more like the site map.

chenB -- 2019-10-24 9:40
Added 2 links that you will see when you logged in. One will be to create a topic and the other is to see other blogs. I was able to have the createTopic.html ask for a topic and entry. Once submitted, it will bring the user back to the page with all of the user's topics (also the page you first see when you logged in). OtherBlog.html is empty but will start working on it once there is a table to display blogs with.

chinK -- 2019- 22:54
Added utl folder which will contain all the functions needed to add data into the databases. THe functions will be in dbfunctions. I added testFunctions so I can test the functions without using flask. I was able to add Create function which creates the table and addUser which will add a user to the users tables. 


chowdhuryB -- 2019- 00:25

Added to checkCreate function so that it goes through the existing users and prevents creation of accounts with duplicate usernames
